Describe providing application credentials (#79)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/syndication.md

Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

{
    "en": "Welcome to your new $application instance! Start by...",
    "it": "Benvenuto nella tua nuova $applicazione! Per iniziare..."
}
```

#### Providing application credentials

Vendors can add credentials for first-time access to the application.

Credentials have a unique `key`, a `value` and a localized `description`. They
are weighted so they can be returned to the customer in a specified order.

> Credentials values are not returned to the vendor after creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credentials values are not returned (null) to the vendor after creation as a security precaution.
```

```http
POST /api/subscription/2388/credentials HTTP/1.1
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

[
  {
    "key": "username",
    "value": "user@ma.il",

>     "description": "Login",

Reviewer: localization?

Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

{
    "en": "Welcome to your new $application instance! Start by...",

>     "it": "Benvenuto nella tua nuova $applicazione! Per iniziare..."

Reviewer: avoid something that looks like a placeholder we support

}
```

#### Providing application credentials

> Vendors can add credentials for first-time access to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add credentials for the first-time access of the application, that will be shown to the customer after the provisioning is complete.
```
